it was quite stressed when it was in July
and now and at the end of May but more and more than we get to see the new chief and
so in this video we are visiting everyone in cologne for an early one
introduction of 3voor12
our first introduction to cigar 12 is all about the June
producer deventer where they bombarded us with countless game play tricks
vivaan have to make a realistic one
like the new defender where the defending final minute works slightly differently
instead of putting pressure on the attacker, the opponent turned correctly
keep happening for you under the best moments
the child became the polls minutes after a few new the winner the train
he got to the core and the elderly party years and older the polls
probably one of the next few years
young young young but become stronger for a while
england time for the taliban penn the new me now again a pony manners
to get along the projects two points became a man with a point
and about that you perform this track
the department has ten years of considerable volume internally immediately becomes one
restriction to wake up fine in the mail on which people over ten
announced in addition to being able to network with her well
know what the hell p
the winning you can sing i have
the alcohol
now that is at the knsb
teachers can have with the train
this works
one of the ovifat consoles can be played this afternoon
we can zoom
lizzy 15 he won the dutch championship but went with viva elvis
wrong
and yes yes then before that I am coming we have
to take advantage and I both stand with those guys of that same I am here
come
organize for the tournaments and yes the fore
I try to get more for the government
After a few jars of lodsys that they are already full of confidence rates on Zoom
nevertheless, things can still be better
some functions of the head of state are fixed patterns
and that with another football connoisseurs you have yes maybe then you have more freedom
and then you get others other options you actually have more
years more sides it can actually not sit sometimes sometimes just beijing
a kind of
the blockage say the thermometers on the rails wherever again
and you have to score
and yes, having defended yourself from 11 March yes maybe that is still possible
being improved
every year thanks to a step further in the field of realism
an example of this is the physical contact between players
the city as it goes so far that players can sustain injuries
if it bumped into each other
but if we have to be happy with that, we just don't know
last year the lack of a polyp can be called something but it is for
just me
you have to pay her a fine there, but resent a hall that speculators 2
A few by the point is thus after the robbery game appears in the Netherlands
Denmark
but who can do an initial work for each other why not the final
for a day trip to afghanistan it's not only 7 after then
it may be a point the challenge became unwell after a year of altena ermelo
heat law approves it was a premium of bonaire a lot further it can
repetoire place in the house
the camerooner nuon rpl fm becomes a world star 2 from all over the country
about new modes and other additions
For the time being, wood is getting its lips together
if absolom was in charge then it is he
which I miss very much for both international matches
it appears there or that really has very good function I think you already have
match coming back to watch all the difference of the camera standpoint
can look back that is that singer syb are the work
and what else are super fat there I am, for example, online gambling godfather
of course, cooling fins also get an after play form the camera against others
cameras for me then yes if we would like to see that game how it
being played
especially the ritz that i put in seefeld wells money that they are now hard on
looking for the right balance
find more nuisance in the event of faulty a12, so concludes